docs: update router containerization and deployment content (#3943)
apollographql/router: docs/shared/router-common-config.mdx

```yaml
# Common values. Overridden by in-house configurations.
# This is a YAML-formatted file.
# Declare variables to be passed into your templates.

> # Anything we set here applies to the in-house-router chart, and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Anything set here applies to the in-house-router chart, and 
```

> # all configuration that we set here is pushed to all sub-charts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# all configuration that set here is pushed to all sub-charts
```

> # (because of the way Helm works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# because of the way Helm works:
```

> #  https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/subcharts_and_globals/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#  https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/subcharts_and_globals/
```

# Set fullnameOverride here for virtualservice to use
fullnameOverride: router

router:
  serviceAccount:

>     # We do that ourselves in permissions.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # The service account is created permissions.yaml
```

    create: false
    name: router
  fullnameOverride: router
  router:
    args: [--hot-reload]
    configuration:
      limits:
        experimental_http_max_request_bytes: 20000000 #20MB
      traffic_shaping:
        router:
          timeout: 6min
        all:
          experimental_enable_http2: false # to disable for all subgraphs
          timeout: 5min
      supergraph:
        introspection: true

>         # We are intentionally DISABLING DEFER SUPPORT in the Router until

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        #  this intentionally disables `@defer` support in the router until
```

>         # we are out of our transition period from the Gateway to the Router.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # until the transition from the gateway to the router is complete.
```

        defer_support: false
        listen: 0.0.0.0:80
        path: /graphql

>       # We keep subgraph errors on in our own environment, always.

Reviewer: Is it worth giving the rationale for this, or just to say:

```suggestion
      # We recommend keeping subgraph errors on in your own environment, always.
```

Reviewer 2: We should delete that comment. We are keeping subgraph errors on in-house to provide backwards compatibility with existing Gateway behaviour. It's not ideal, since it may leak implementation detail or PII(Personal Identifiable Information), but it's a requirement of our particular deployment.

                  named: apollo-client-name
              - propagate:
                  named: apollo-client-version
          kotlin:
            request:
              - propagate:
                  named: apollographql-client-name
              - propagate:
                  named: apollographql-client-version
              - propagate:
                  named: apollo-client-name
              - propagate:
                  named: apollo-client-version
      rhai:
        scripts: /dist/rhai
        main: in-house.rhai
      telemetry:
        apollo:
          batch_processor:
            # default 5s
            scheduled_delay: 3s
            # default 1
            max_concurrent_exports: 100
            max_export_batch_size: 512
            # default 30s
            max_export_timeout: 10s
            max_queue_size: 2048
        metrics:
          prometheus:
            enabled: false
          otlp:
            temporality: delta
            endpoint: "${env.NODE_IP}:4317"
        # Enabling this both includes the `apollo-trace-id` value on the HTTP response,
        # but also creates "Response Header" nodes in the trace that we send to Studio.

>         # This should allow us to correlate traces from Studio to logs:

Reviewer: "should" introduces a note of uncertainty

```suggestion
        # This allows us to correlate traces from Studio to logs:
```

        subgraph:
          all:
            response:
              headers: true
              body: true
  extraContainers:
    - name: apilogger
      image: "us-central1-docker.pkg.dev/platform-cross-environment/platform-docker/apilogger:{{ .Values.global.apilogger.release }}"
      imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent
      ports:
        - containerPort: 4001
      env:
        - name: NODE_OPTIONS
          value: "--max-old-space-size=768"
        - name: NODE_ENV
          value: production
        - name: NODE_NAME
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              fieldPath: spec.nodeName
        - name: POD_NAME
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              fieldPath: metadata.name
        - name: STACK
          value: "{{ .Values.global.apilogger.stack }}"
      resources:
        limits:
          cpu: "1.5"
          memory: 1Gi
        requests:
          cpu: "1"
          memory: 1Gi
  extraLabels:
    tags.datadoghq.com/service: "router"
    tags.datadoghq.com/version: "{{ .Chart.AppVersion | quote }}"
  extraVolumeMounts:
    - name: rhai-volume
      mountPath: /dist/rhai
      readOnly: true
  extraVolumes:
    - name: rhai-volume
      configMap:

>         # Provide the name of the ConfigMap containing the files you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Provide the name of the ConfigMap containing the files
```
